So now what we need to do is create this getInstance method,
make this getInstance method to work.
So let us go there.
By the way,
this code should be just T and not EntityManager of T because what we want
to do is really to instantiate this class and checking for the fields
annotated with inject to put the right values in.
Let me get rid of this.
So to do that,
we are going to just call the getConstructor with null
argument and call the newInstance on the written constructor
that takes null argument neither.
Let me put this in a variable,
and this variable T is really the object we need to return.
This code, of course, is going to throw a bunch of exceptions.
We are not real interested in them,
so let me catch directly exception and get rid of all the
other exceptions that have been generated.
And by the way,
we are going to rethrow this exception in a RuntimeException so that we do
not have to take care of it with e as the root cause.
So now what we need to return is this T object populated with the right value
every time we see a field that is annotated with @Inject.
So all we need to do is to get the declared field of that object,
clss.getDeclaredFields.
Let me put this in an array, something like that, then iterate over this array.
And for each of those fields,
what I need to do is to check if this Inject annotation we
created is present on the field or not.
So this variable is of type Inject.
Let me call it Inject.
If Inject is not null, then this is a field that is annotated.
And if it is null, then the annotation is not there,
and we can move to the next field.
So if it is not null, we need to get the type of this field.
This is the injectedFieldType, and from this type,
we can get the Supplier we put in the registry.
So registry.get injectedFieldType will return the Supplier that
we can use to create an instance of this type.
Remember that in that case, this type may be,
for instance, a connection to the H2 server,
so we cannot just use the empty constructor to create this connection.
We really need to call the Supplier.
By just calling supplier.get, we are going to create such an instance.
This instance is the object to be injected.
Now all we need to do is set this field to be accessible and
call set on this t object we just created,
passing the objectToInject.
And now we have set the right value to the right field.
Once this is done for all the fields, we can just return t, and this is fine.
Let us get rid of this return null because it is unreachable code,
and now we can run this ReadingObject class,
and we can see that our instances of person have been
properly read from the database.
Now we can try to also run the WritingObject class,
also retrofitted with this new version of our EntityManager.
So if I just run this code,
you can see that this code is writing exactly in the same way as
in the previous example in the previous module.
First, we display the person before the writing in the database.
The primary keys have now been set.
Then we write them to the database and display them again just to see
that the primary keys have been properly set up.
And indeed, if we check the console of the H2 database server,
let me connect real quick,
check the content of the PERSON table where you can see that the
person have been properly returned in the database.
And this wraps up the second example I wanted to show you on the use of
the Reflection API in the dependency injection space.
What you saw here is a very basic and naive implementation of a small dependency injection framework.